Sleuth integration payload (#660)
DataDog/integrations-extras: sleuth/README.md

## Overview

> Sleuth is a deployment tracking tool that enables you to track software deployments through your complete DevOps stack. With a Datadog integration, Sleuth provides you with insightul, meaningful and actionable real-time data that enable you and your team to see, with clarity, the impact of the changes you make to your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sleuth](https://app.sleuth.io) is a deployment tracking tool that enables you to track software deployments through your complete DevOps stack. With a Datadog integration, Sleuth provides you with insightful, meaningful and actionable real-time data that enable you and your team to see, with clarity, the impact of the changes you make to your code.
```

Can we add a link to Sleuth?

Author: Thanks for the catch!  Yes, a link to Sleuth can be added. Please use **https://www.sleuth.io** instead of the app URL.

### Configuration

* Click the **Add metric** dropdown and select a Sleuth project that will process incoming Datadog application metrics. All projects within your Sleuth organization are displayed in the dropdown. 

![](/images/datadog-enabled-metric-pick.png)

> Integrations are made at the Sleuth organization level, and are available for all projects within that organization. Individual settings for an integration are made at the project level.  

That’s it—Sleuth will start displaying Datadog metrics in your deploys. Read [**Dashboard**](https://help.sleuth.io/dashboard) for more information on how metrics are communicated in Sleuth's deploy cards. 

## Data Collected

### Metrics

The Sleuth integration does not include any metrics. 

### Service Checks

The Sleuth integration does not include any service checks.

### Events

The Sleuth integration does not include any events. 

## Removing

1. In your Sleuth Dashboard, click **Integrations** in the left sidebar, then on **Metric Trackers**. 

> 2. In the Datadog integration card, click **disable**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Datadog integration tile, click **disable**.
```

Author: Thanks!
